=pod

=head1 NAME

CoreWebView2::Widget

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    use CoreWebView2::Widget::Standalone;

    my $webview = CoreWebView2::Widget::Standalone->new(
        uri => 'https://www.perl.com',
        onNavigationStarting => sub {
            # ...
        },
        onNavigationCompleted => sub {
            # ...
        },
    );

    $webview->run();

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module is a convenience wrapper around the main CoreWebView2 classes.

CoreWebView2::Widget represents the on-screen window and contains an L<Environment|CoreWebView2::Environment>; CoreWebView2::Widget::View wraps an instance of a browser window and contains a  L<CorewWebView2|CoreWebView2::CorewWebView2> and a L<Controller|CoreWebView2::Controller>.

The arguments for the events are as described in the documentation; the handler for an event will either be a Widget or a View.

=head1 SUBCLASSES

=over

=item L<Standalone|CoreWebView2::Widget::Standalone>

=item L<Win32GUI|CoreWebView2::Widget::Win32GUI>

=item L<Prima|CoreWebView2::Widget::Prima>

=back

head1 WIDGET METHODS

In addition to the methods below, Widget will forward Environment methods to the contained Environment.

(Note that Environment methods are C<CamelCase>, Widget methods are C<snake_case>.)

=head2 new

Takes the following parameters:

=over

=item uri

Optional; the initial URI of the first View

=item environment

Optional; can take either an href of environment options, an existing L<CoreWebView2::EnvironmentOptions> object, or an existing C<CoreWebView2::Widget> object.

=item onI<EVENT>

Hooks up the given event handlers.

=back

=head2 new_window

Creates a new Widget window with that uses the environment of the current window

=head2 add_view($uri, $force)

Adds a View to the current Widget. C<$uri> is the initial URI of the View, C<$force> causes the new View to become the active View.

(A Widget automatically adds its first View.)

=head2 views

Returns a list of all the Views in the Widget

=head2 get_active_view
=head2 set_active_view($active)

Gets or sets the active View. You can set via a View object or via an index.

head1 VIEW METHODS

View has no methods of its own, but forwards Controller and CoreWebView2 to the contained objects.

=cut
